README.md, before:

# IS484-T2
News Screener For Relevant Investment Opportunities

## 📝Requirements

1. Python more than `3.10` and less than `3.11`
2. React version equivalent to `18` and above

## Backend 
- navigate to `\Backend\Backend.md` for more information

## Frontend 

📌 Project Overview

This is a React.js application with a clean and modular structure, following best practices for scalability and maintainability. The app is structured into various folders to separate concerns effectively.

---

📂 Folder Structure

```
/src
│── /components       # Reusable UI components
│── /hooks            # Custom React hooks
│── /pages            # Page-level components
│── /services         # API calls and business logic
│── /styles           # Global and component styles
│── /utils            # Helper functions
│── App.js            # Main app component
│── index.js          # Entry point
│── reportWebVitals.js # Performance reporting
│── setupTests.js     # Test setup
```

---

🔧 Installation & Setup

1. Clone the Repository
```
git clone https://github.com/Shangwee/IS484-T2
cd IS484-T2
```

2. Install Dependencies
```
npm install
```

3. Start the Development Server
```
npm start # The application will be available at http://localhost:3000/
```

4. Build for Production
```
npm run build # This will generate an optimized production build in the build/ folder.
```

Commit message:

add postman json for backend route

README.md, after:

# IS484-T2
News Screener For Relevant Investment Opportunities

## 📝Requirements

1. Python more than `3.10` and less than `3.11`
2. React version equivalent to `18` and above

## Backend 
- navigate to `\Backend\Backend.md` for more information
- To test the routs for backend, navigate to `\POSTMAN`

## Frontend 

📌 Project Overview

This is a React.js application with a clean and modular structure, following best practices for scalability and maintainability. The app is structured into various folders to separate concerns effectively.

---

📂 Folder Structure

```
/src
│── /components       # Reusable UI components
│── /hooks            # Custom React hooks
│── /pages            # Page-level components
│── /services         # API calls and business logic
│── /styles           # Global and component styles
│── /utils            # Helper functions
│── App.js            # Main app component
│── index.js          # Entry point
│── reportWebVitals.js # Performance reporting
│── setupTests.js     # Test setup
```

---

🔧 Installation & Setup

1. Clone the Repository
```
git clone https://github.com/Shangwee/IS484-T2
cd IS484-T2
```

2. Install Dependencies
```
npm install
```

3. Start the Development Server
```
npm start # The application will be available at http://localhost:3000/
```

4. Build for Production
```
npm run build # This will generate an optimized production build in the build/ folder.
```
